hello and welcome to the Mediterranean
chef item monel and today I'm going to
show you how we're gonna native Olli
tabbouleh is a Lebanese signature salad
that is a well-known in the Middle East
it's a very refreshing and tasty salad
okay we're gonna start here with listing
the ingredients I have chopped and
finally three bunches of Italian parsley
this is my favorite parsley by the way
for the tepui because this is the only
time you can find in the Middle East in
Lebanon but if you cannot find it don't
make your life hard you can use the
curly leaf and then to medium tomatoes
one large white onion and preferably
white onion for this salad it's for a
Lebanese authentic salad this is what
you need but if you cannot find it any
other kind of onion is good what I
already did is here I chopped it small
pieces chopped up really fine and I used
1 teaspoon of Lebanese seven spices
mixed grain just to match the onion a
taste of the raw onion then I used four
to five scallions
have a bunch of fresh mint chopped up
vilified quarter cup of butter whole
number one verbal number one or cracked
wheat one teaspoon of dried mint one
teaspoon of salt and some fresh squeezed
lemons this is about four lemon juice
and 1/4 cup of extra virgin cold-pressed
olive oil and now let's grab a bowl and
mix up the salad I have here in the bowl
parsley
white onion scallions mint to make rose
the dried mint
salt
lemon juice and then finally I'm going
to eyeball it about 1/4 cup of
extra-virgin olive oil
now it's time to mix it let's mix in all
the lemon juice the olive oil the dried
mint all these beautiful colors together
by the way tabbouleh when you go to a
Lebanese restaurant this is the first
item on the menu and when you're
inviting people to Rome if you don't
have to bully it's like you're you're
not offering much for your guests and
when I mix it kind of gently because we
want the parsley to be fluffy look at
all these beautiful colors mixed
together it's not so good it's going to
be delicious I'm going to taste it in a
second this is just so good by the way I
can eat this dish every day of the year
I love it love it love it look at this
beautiful tabbouleh salad with the bed
of romaine lettuce all around it it
looks good and I bet you it tastes good
I can't wait I have to taste it
they're so good by the way you can
always adjust the taste of your
tabbouleh according to your taste buds
by adding little bit more or less of
lemon juice salt or olive oil I hope you
enjoy it you're going to enjoy this
salad for sure for this delicious recipe
and many more healthy recipes and for a
cooking ebook go and visit us on our
website www.mabakerandchef.com enjoy and
we'll see you next time